README.md, before:

# A Python Rest App using CRUD with Flask
> Quick simple CRUD project using Flask, Flask-RESTful, with JWT authentication.

> #Python #Flask #Flask-RESTful #Flask-SQLAlchemy #Flask-JWT-Extended

## Installation
- Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/rykehg/produtosPyFlaskJWTTests`.
- Start terminal in the root folder of this project.
- In Windows OS Start a new virtual environment and install the requirements.
```shell
$ python -m venv .venv
$ \Scripts\Activate.ps1
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- To configure MySQL database just change `"config.py"` to your credentials (user, password, host and database).
- To run the API in console type `(.venv) $ python run.py`.
- If database does not exist it will be created automatically by the API.

## Testing using a Client API
- To test API use Postman and import `"API Client/produtosFlask.postman_collection.json"`.
- Or use REST Client Extension for VS Code and file `"API Client/REST_API_Test.rest"`.
- Create an user and login to access other routes.

## Unit Test the API
- It is important to make a separate virtual environment for testing.
- In terminal deactivate, if active, `$ deactivate` you current virtual environment and start a new one:
```shell
$ python -m venv .test-venv
$ \Scripts\Activate.ps1
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Set a new database for testing in `"config.py"` file.
- We are going to use the standard library `unittest` and `json`.
- To run a single test file use the command:
```shell
$ python -m unittest tests/test_create_usuario.py
```

- To run all the tests:
```shell
$ python -m unittest --buffer
```


---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**

Commit message:

User routes and login tests

README.md, after:

# A Python Rest App using CRUD with Flask
> Quick simple CRUD project using Flask, Flask-RESTful, with JWT authentication.

> #Python #Flask #Flask-RESTful #Flask-SQLAlchemy #Flask-JWT-Extended

## Installation
- Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/rykehg/produtosPyFlaskJWTTests`.
- Start terminal in the root folder of this project.
- In Windows OS Start a new virtual environment and install the requirements.
```shell
$ python -m venv .venv
$ \Scripts\Activate.ps1
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- To configure MySQL database just change `"config.py"` to your credentials (user, password, host and database).
- To run the API in console type `(.venv) $ python run.py`.
- If database does not exist it will be created automatically by the API.

## Testing using a Client API
- To test API use Postman and import `"API Client/produtosFlask.postman_collection.json"`.
- Or use REST Client Extension for VS Code and file `"API Client/REST_API_Test.rest"`.
- Create an user and login to access other routes.

## Unit Tests
- It is important to make a separate virtual environment for testing.
- In terminal deactivate, if active, `$ deactivate` you current virtual environment and start a new one:
```shell
$ python -m venv .test-venv
$ \Scripts\Activate.ps1
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Set a new database for testing in `"config.py"` file.
- We are going to use the standard library `unittest` and `json`.
- To run a single test file use the command:
```shell
$ python -m unittest tests/test_create_usuario.py
```

- To run all the tests:
```shell
$ python -m unittest --buffer
```

- To enable testes in VSCode `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`P` and type `Python: Configure Tests`
- Select `unittest`, `test` folder and `test_*py` pattern to identify test files

---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
